These paintings were designed to be part of a symbolic epic cycle called "House of Life", in which all the emotions and aspirations of life would be represented in a universal symbolic language.	These works were part of a revised version of the "House of Life", influenced by the ideas of Max Müller, founder of comparative religion.
The disease, better known as dementia of Lewy bodies, is neurodegenerative and shows symptoms such as cognitive deterioration, dementia due to Alzheimer's, parkinson's, hallucinations and severe delusions.	Dementia with Lewy bodies is a disease or degenerative and progressive brain syndrome.
A hockey player throws the puck.	A hockey player is playing with a disk.
The local diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church said the dead are a nun who worked at the Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ and one of the parishioners, the source quoted by local agencies added.	The dead are a nun who worked in the Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ and one of the parishioners, adds the statement quoted by local agencies.
A "communication channel" is the means of transmission through which the carrier signals of the sender and receiver information travel.	The Catholic Monarchy or Spanish Monarchy of King Charles I was completed when the monarch was proclaimed emperor of the Holy Roman Empire under the name of Charles V. The emperor assumed -among other commitments- the convening of assemblies of states called meetings or diets.
The "Order of Saint Jerome" (Latin: "Ordo Sancti Hieronymi"), (acronym "O.S.H.") is a monastic cloistered Catholic order of purely contemplative orientation that emerged in the fourteenth century.	The Order of Saint Jerome prescribes a religious life of solitude and silence, in assiduous prayer and strength in penance, and tries to lead its monks and nuns to mystical union with God. They consider that the more intense this union is, the more his own donation in the monastic life, much more splendid becomes the life of the Church and with more strength his fruitful apostolate.
The PAC has never governed and was formed by dissidents of the PLN, which has governed the country in different stages of the democratic history of Costa Rica and in particular consecutively during the last 8 years.	The university professor and candidate of the PAC, Luis Guillermo Solís, to whom the polls placed fourth, will face Johnny Araya, mayor of San José for 21 years and successor in the pro-government party of outgoing Laura Chinchilla, the most unpopular ruler of the country's recent history.
The figure on the inheritance of Mandela is estimated, since it excludes the benefits derived from the rights of image, explained the judge Dikgang Moseneke, one of the three custodians of the testament, of 40 pages.	The legacy of former South African President Nelson Mandela is valued at 46 million rands (about three million euros), as confirmed by his executors to the press after the public reading of the testament on Monday in Johannesburg.
A man shows some clothes while wearing blue shoes.	A man and a woman are wearing different colored hats for their appointment.
Also participating is Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla, whose country was already admitted to the group and is waiting for the FTAs with Mexico and Colombia to enter into force.	The arrival of the Costa Rican president, Laura Chinchilla, who will participate in the first part of the presidential summit, was also expected.
People hiking through a frozen and mountainous landscape.	People are hiking on a beach.
Its general director is the Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo (his contract has just been extended until the 2010-2011 season).	Hemmings retired as Managing Director in 2000, with Plácido Domingo assuming leadership of the company the following season.
Apparently, the reason is to comply with the regulations of the European Association of Zoos and Aquariums.	The zoo argued that it sacrificed the animal in pursuit of the norms imposed by the association of zoos of the European Union, in order to avoid consanguinity.
The head of the Secretariat of Mother Earth of the Government of Cochabamba, Cinthia Vargas, moved to the community and reported that rescue brigades from the SAR-FAB group, the police, doctors and ambulances were sent to the area for the attention of the survivors.	On the other hand, the campaign of the Federation of Workers of the Press of Cochabamba today will count the collection of food, medicine and clothing, to distribute them from Wednesday.
The feast of Saint Valentine was celebrated by the Roman Catholic Church every February 14 to 1969 in the traditional liturgical calendar, when this date was removed from the post-conciliar calendar.	One kilobit per second is a unit of measurement used in telecommunications and computing to calculate the speed of information transfer through a network.
The US military reported Saturday that the coalition against the Islamic State launched a series of air strikes on Friday night against leaders of the organization gathered near Mosul, in Iraq.	According to Centcom, "coalition apparatuses carried out a series of air strikes in Iraq against what was considered to be a meeting of IS leaders near Mosul."
It sank on September 28, 1994 in the Baltic Sea, and claimed the lives of 852 people.	The Estonian disaster occurred on September 28, 1994 at 00:58, crossing the Baltic Sea, en route from Tallinn to Stockholm, when it carried 989 passengers plus the crew.
The university professor and candidate of the PAC, Luis Guillermo Solís, to whom the polls placed fourth, will face on April 6th Johnny Araya, mayor of San José for 21 years and candidate of the PLN, traditionally led social democratic party for the Nobel Peace Prize and former president Oscar Arias.	The university professor and candidate of the PAC, Luis Guillermo Solís, to whom the polls placed fourth, will face Johnny Araya, mayor of San José for 21 years and successor in the pro-government party of outgoing Laura Chinchilla, the most unpopular ruler of the country's recent history.
In the game Dragonlance, the "War of the Lance" is a warlike conflict of the Krynn world.	With the collapse of the Takhisis temple in Neraka, one of Krynn's worst wars came to an end: The War of the Lance.
The boy is wearing a blue jacket and a pink shirt while playing outside.	A man in an orange shirt and blue jeans is playing with a hula hula
The treatment of breast cancer is multidisciplinary, ie it requires the combination of various modalities or therapeutic disciplines to achieve effective control of the disease.	The therapeutic modalities against breast cancer are surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, hormone therapy and biomolecular therapy.
Two men are in their cars in heavy traffic	The two people are driving trucks.
The economic crisis in Argentina at the end of 2001 paralyzes this development, which is only recovering with the expansion that takes place in the area of construction almost three years later.	"Prostitution" is defined as the act of participating in sexual activities or making sex in exchange for money or goods.
"Time 100" is a list of the 100 most influential people according to Time magazine.	The first list was published in 1999 with the 100 most influential people of the 20th century.
The president, 61, "yesterday took up the government's agenda incipiently" in the presidential residence of Olivos, outside the city of Buenos Aires, said the coordinating minister.	The president, 61, must comply by medical prescription for 10 days of rest and is today in the presidential residence of Olivos.
The drama was developed at the height of the 69th floor of the building, also known as "Freedom Tower", which occupies part of the space left by the Twin Towers, destroyed by the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.	Apparently the cable was untied while one of workers climbed to the top of the tower, the highest in the United States.
As with radar technology, where radio waves are used instead of light, the distance to the object is determined by measuring the delay time between the emission of the pulse and its detection through the reflected signal.	Since the formula for the speed of light is well known, the time intervals between emission and reception can be easily calculated.
The people are in a boat.	There are people in a boat.
Meanwhile, Hagel said the US-led coalition is recording a "steady and sustainable advance" in its fight against IS militants in Iraq and Syria, but warned that "it will be a long and difficult struggle." "There will be setbacks.	In the recording, the alleged leader of ISIS declares that the international coalition led by Washington is failing in its fight against the jihadists.
He was near a bridge.	The old man was near the fire.
It is called "day" (from the Latin "dies") the time it takes the Earth since the sun is at the highest point on the horizon until it is again.	It is also known as day, in a generic way, the time span from sunrise to sunset.
Transportation officials estimate that the new technology could prevent up to 80% of accidents that do not involve drunk drivers or mechanical failures.	Chile signed the Pact of Bogotá of 1948, which gives jurisdiction to the ICJ to resolve the conflicts that arise between the nations that adhere to the agreement.
A total of 83 women, all under 32, poor and from rural areas, were operated on Saturday in a hospital outside the city of Bilaspur, in the central state of Chhattisgarh, according to authorities.	"We have reports of stress drops, vomiting and other symptoms after the women were operated on as part of a family planning campaign," Sonmani Borah, an administrative officer of the Bilaspur district, told AFP on Tuesday. Central of Chhattisgarh, where on Saturday the surgical operations were carried out.
This is what the TMZ website says, citing sources close to the family of the deceased, which reveals that the actor suffered from dementia with Lewy bodies.	The news was confirmed by sources close to the family, according to the TMZ portal.
Moscow The president of Peru, Ollanta Humala, meets today with the head of the Kremlin, Vladimir Putin, on the first day of his visit to Russia, the first of a head of state of that Latin American country in 45 years of diplomatic relations.	Humala and Putin reinforce ties in the first visit of a president of Peru to Russia Novo-Ogariovo.
It is the oldest diocese in the East, hence it has the honorary title of "Patriarchate of the East Indies" since 1886.	In 1572 Gregory XIII granted the Archbishop of Goa the title of Primate of the East and on January 23, 1886, Leo XIII of the Patriarch of the East Indies.
The Minsk protocol was signed by the representatives of Ukraine, Russia, and the self-proclaimed popular republics of Donetsk and Lugansk under the auspices of the OSCE.	"Any attempt to settle the conflict without the participation of the popular republics of Donetsk and Lugansk will be useless and will inexorably lead the negotiating process to a dead end," said Denis Pushilin, negotiator of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic.
Thanks to this collaboration it has been possible to close the Silk Road, that is, close Silk Road 2.0, and stop the thinking head, Black Benthall.	Thanks to this initiative of the security forces and bodies, it was possible to close Silk Road 2.0 and arrest its manager, Blake Benthall.
The president of the Iranian atomic organization, Ali Akbar Salehi, said yesterday that Iran could consider including "some technical changes" in the heavy water reactor of Arak, which is still under construction, but insisted that it will remain a heavy water reactor and refused to turn it into a light water one, the Iranian national news agency IRNA reported today.	The head of the IAEA, Ali Akbar Salehi, said this week that Iran would be willing to make "some modifications in the plans to produce less plutonium", but insisted that it is a research reactor.
A team of young athletes plan their great victory	Your team is winning.
Castilian or Spanish, the official language throughout the country, is the predominant mother tongue in almost all autonomous communities in Spain.	Spanish or Castilian is the only official language of the whole country and is the one spoken as a habitual and maternal language by the great majority of the Spanish population.
A human tide went to the center of Berlin, blocking traffic between the Brandenburg Gate and Postdamer Platz, to witness this spectacle, which closes a weekend of festivities in the German capital.	Thousands of people will gather around the symbol of German unity, the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin.
The media in that country immediately removed an Internet video, in which a gentlemanly Putin appears on the shoulders of China's first lady, Peng Liyuan, wearing a coat during the gala dinner at the summit.	The Kremlin today defended the gallantry of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who placed a blanket on the shoulders of the Chinese first lady during the gala dinner of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum summit in Beijing.
"Synopsys Inc." is a leading US company in the development of specialized software for the design of complex integrated circuits (in English, "EDA: Electronic Design Automation").	Over the past 17 years, Synopsys has gone from being a small company with a single product to a diversified company and leader in design tools for the integrated circuits and semiconductor industry.
The European Union erupted on Monday in the confrontation between the opposition and President Yanukovych, announcing that it is preparing with the United States and the IMF a major program of financial assistance for Ukraine.	For its part, Washington confirmed that it is in talks with the European Union to draft a financial aid package for Ukraine.
"Salma de Nora" (Madrid, June 16, 1979) is a Spanish porn actress.	Salma de Nora began her career as a porn actress in December 2003 after visiting the Venus Festival in Germany.
The archbishop accepted this opinion and annulled the profession of Sister Fernanda Fernández, made him dress as a man, and on February 11, 1792 he sent it to his parents, who were still living in Zújar.	Inspectah Deck was born in the Bronx, but moved to Staten Island when he was a child, living at Park Hill Projects in Clifton, where other members of the future Wu-Tang Clan would live and congregate.
This calendar had a year of 365 days, divided into three seasons, months of 30 days and "deans" of ten days.	The "Adventist Development and Relief Agency" (ADRA) is the world's humanitarian branch of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, established for the purpose of
A stranger is sleeping in an art gallery.	A woman is inside an art museum.
Also, it was detailed that the EAAF has intervened in the exhumation of two of the 30 remains recovered in Cerro Viejo / Pueblo Viejo, Iguala, Guerrero, and the forensic examination of the 30 remains.	"The EAAF has obtained genetic results from the The Bode Technology Group Laboratory located in the United States, on 24 of 30 remains recovered in Cerro Viejo.
APATZINGÁN, Mexico. - Groups of self-defense groups that have expelled the Knights Templar cartel from several towns in western Mexico entered the city of Apatzingán on Saturday, controlled by drug traffickers and working with government forces to evict the armed men of that criminal group, said a leader of the militias.	The self-defense groups captured Saturday the brother of the leader of the Mexican cartel of the Knights Templar in the Mexican state of Michoacan, Antonio Plancarte, as confirmed by the Government of Mexico.
New York, Feb. 7 - The New York Police Department began testing Google Glass to help agents quickly access information about suspects, thanks to facial recognition techniques, as confirmed today by the person responsible for the body.	The New York Police Department requested and received several pairs of Google augmented reality lenses, and is testing them to patrol the streets, according to the specialized site VentureBeat.
The spokesman of the FARC did not give more details of the meeting held with the Uruguayan president, who on more than one occasion has offered the service of his Government to collaborate with the peace process.	The Uruguayan president, who on more than one occasion has offered the service of his Government to collaborate with the peace process, said at the beginning of last week that he had some conversations about the conflict that the Government has been ruling for more than a year. of Colombia and the FARC, but did not specify with whom.
Groupe Air France prepares a train for a trip	They take a ride on the hot air balloon over the Atlantic
As an official reason, the meeting is presented as a visit by the official Argentine delegation of the International Labor Organization, since Martínez is the representative of Argentine trade unionism in the meetings that the organization organizes in Geneva, while Funes de Rioja occupies that role for the national business.	The official reason for the meeting will be a visit to the Vatican by a delegation of the International Labor Organization, in which Martinez represents Argentine trade unionism, while Funes de Rioja occupies that role for the national business community.
A man rides his biclicleta down the street.	A man rides his bicycle down the street.
Josh Earnest, White House press secretary, said Obama would review the final recommendations when he returns next week from his trip to Asia.	In the same vein, White House spokesman Josh Earnest, who accompanies Obama on his tour, told reporters that the president will receive "soon" the "final recommendations" from his National Security Secretary, Jeh Johnson.
A group of girls wearing scarves on their heads pose for a group photo.	A girl with a red umbrella and face painting standing next to other girls.
Eleven people were killed, more than 1,000 were injured and tens of thousands were left without electricity when the worst snow storm in decades affected Tokyo and its surroundings before heading north, to the Pacific coast affected by the tsunami in 2011.	Tokyo, experienced the biggest snowfall in 20 years with 27 centimeters of accumulated snow.
In addition, the overdose as a cause of death was ruled out, since according to the official part "the toxicological tests revealed the absence of alcohol or drugs".	Marin's Sheriff's Office said in a statement that, when performing the autopsy on Robin Williams, the toxicology tests showed the absence of alcohol or illicit drugs but did detect remnants of prescription drugs at therapeutic concentrations.
A child calms a large dog.	A child throws something so that a white dog catches it.
"The General Council of the WTO will receive the proposal from India and the United States will support it," said the Indian minister.	India will present its proposal to the WTO General Council at its December meeting.
These arrests are the product of an operation carried out on Saturday, when federal forces first worked jointly with militiamen who signed an agreement with the federal government in January and joined the Army's institutional rural defenses.	It was the first time that they carried out an operation shoulder to shoulder with militiamen, who in January signed an agreement with the government and enlisted in the institutional Army Rural Defenses.
"We come as a brother partner to finalize the commercial agreements that express the political will of four sister nations, Mexico, Chile, Colombia and Peru," Humala said upon his arrival in Cartagena.	He added that at this summit of the Pacific Alliance Peru comes as "a partner and a brother" to finalize trade agreements "that express the political will of four sister nations: Mexico, Colombia, Chile and Peru."
The "genre scene" is a type of artistic work, mainly pictorial, in which normal people are represented in everyday scenes, in the street or in private life, contemporary with the author.	What distinguishes the genre scene is that it represents scenes of daily life, such as markets, interiors, parties, taverns and streets.
The price will later be $ 9.99 per month, a subscription that will also allow access to Google's streaming music service, with more than 30 million songs.	Music Key subscribers will have free access to the "streaming" of the 30 million songs present in the Google Play store.
Cyclist in a snowy forest at night	The skier is near the ground covered in snow.
In general terms, the book combines a well-made account of the history of drug trafficking in Colombia with the family drama that starred it.	The book is not only an account of my father's history and the events in which he had some participation, it is also my story, my experience that I want to convey to young people so that they can learn that history no one should repeat it.
A boy is on a school trip in a pumpkin patch.	A little girl is drawing on a table near a baby.
The "biological evolution" is the set of transformations or changes through time that have originated the diversity of life forms that exist on Earth from a common ancestor.	However, the concept that life on Earth evolved from a common ancestor had already been formulated by several Greek philosophers.
The talks will be opened while the so-called "common position" remains in force, the unilateral policy imposed by the EU on Cuba in 1996 at the proposal of the Spanish Government, at that time headed by José María Aznar.	Precisely, the negotiation will begin while the "common position" remains in effect - the unilateral policy imposed by the EU on Cuba in 1996 at the proposal of the Government of the Spanish conservative José María Aznar - a "guarantee" required by several member states to maintain the same policy towards Havana in the event that the talks do not give the expected results.
The "Vietnam cuisine" is known for its widespread use of fish sauce, soy sauce and hoisin sauce (its smell provides a unique character to the kitchen).	The cuisine of the central part of Vietnam has been influenced by the colonization of different cultures.
Doña Sofía will receive from this year 45 percent of what the King receives as salary and as expenses of representation and the Princess will receive a 35 percent.	In other words, Doña Sofía will receive 63,234 gross euros in salary and 68,505 as representation expenses, while the Princess will receive 49,182 as salary and 53,282 as representation expenses.
In July 2012, Axel Springer released Micromanía to include the theme of PC within Hobby Consolas, and the writing of Micromanía, the same one that worked in the magazine until then, became independent and began to publish it through BlueOcean Publishing .	In July 2012, Axel Springer released Micromanía to include the theme of PC within Hobby Consolas, and the Micromanía team began publishing the magazine by BlueOcean Publishing since September of the same year.
The Institute only offers postgraduate programs in modern and contemporary history, political sociology, regional studies and international cooperation.	The Dr. José María Luis Mora Research Institute is recognized in the national and international academic world for excellence in research in history and social sciences and for the quality of the master's degrees it imparts.
An armed man, allegedly working as a security guard, killed two people on Sunday and wounded six others in the Cathedral of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, capital of the Russian island of Sakhalin, according to the local diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church.	An armed man killed two people on Sunday and wounded six others in the Cathedral of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, capital of the Russian island of Sakhalin, in the Pacific, according to the local diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church.
In addition, the storm caused power outages that affected 48,000 homes in the region surrounding Tokyo, which with 27 centimeters of snow accumulated the greatest snowfall in 20 years, according to Tokyo Electric Power.	In addition, the storm caused power outages that affected 48,000 homes in the region surrounding Tokyo, more than half of which, some 26,000 still without electricity, according to Tokyo Electric Power.
The "Principality of Andorra" (local name, "Principat d'Andorra") is a state of southern Europe, located in the eastern Pyrenees mountain range.	It is a landlocked state, in which there are important crossings of the Pyrenees.
A woman standing next to a microwave.	A woman on the phone is sitting on a chair.
Couple performing a dance.	Young girls perform at a dance recital.
In addition to occupying most of the Iberian Peninsula, Spain is made up of two archipelagos (that of the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean and that of the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea) and two autonomous cities (Ceuta and Melilla) in the north of Africa, apart from several smaller islands in this area and others close to the peninsula, such as the Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera, the Peñón de Alhucemas, the Chafarinas Islands and the Isla del Perejil.	According to European Union regulations, the territory of this country is divided into three biogeographical regions: Mediterranean, Atlantic and the Canary archipelago, in the Atlantic Ocean belongs to the Macaronesian.
Chinese President Xi Jinping shrugged off concerns about the risks facing China's economy on Sunday and said "they are not so frightening."	Chinese President Xi Jinping today proposed a "dream" for the Asia-Pacific region, driven by his country's huge economy, which he said remains solid despite facing some risks that "are not so terrible. "
The "shield of Spain" is the heraldic symbol representing the Kingdom of Spain.	The federal government represents the United Mexican States and is divided into three branches: executive, legislative and judicial, according to the provisions of the Political Constitution of the United Mexican States, published in 1917.
A woman shares her umbrella.	A man and a woman holding hands.
The United States appeared before the UN Committee against Torture, which between now and tomorrow will review whether Washington has complied since 2006 with the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.	In Mexico, the torture and ill-treatment that follows the detention of people and before they are brought to justice is a widespread practice and is presented in a context of impunity, according to a report by the Chamber of Deputies. received from Juan Méndez, Special Rapporteur of the United Nations Organization on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
Meanwhile, the Red Crescent indicated last night that, despite the bombings and shootings, in which at least one of its members was wounded, managed to distribute 250 food packages and 190 with hygiene products and medicines.	But while yesterday the humanitarian convoy had to leave the city after distributing only 250 packages of food and 190 with hygiene products and medicines, today managed to enter and leave the city to evacuate more than 600 civilians and distribute more humanitarian aid for those who continue in it.
Multiple people do a synchronized dance with jumps.	They are in a track event.
The candidate of the Citizen Action Party (PAC), Luis Guillermo Solis, has been in the lead in the presidential elections in Costa Rica with 30.8 percent of the votes after passing in the scrutiny the candidate of the National Liberation Party (PLN) , Johnny Araya, who has dropped to 29.6 percent after starting the night as the winner.	During his speech on Sunday night, the PAC candidate, who left the PLN in 2005 saying that the party had "lost its soul", extended its hand "to all sectors that want that different policy".
The devices allow researchers to collect information from thousands of cell phones on a single flight, the Journal reported.	These devices, nicknamed dirtboxes or dirty boxes, can collect information from hundreds of thousands of users on a single flight.
The woman is taking care of the child.	A boy is running towards his mother.
The "civil procedural law" is a branch of procedural law that regulates the action before the courts to obtain the protection of rights in matters of civil or commercial nature.	The civil procedural law is the set of adjective legal rules of public order that regulate the necessary procedures for the application of the substantive institutions provided for in the civil legislation of a State.
"Jennifer" Jen "Scotts" is a fictional character from the television series "Power Rangers", played by Erin Cahill.	In the fictional universe of "Power Rangers: Force of Time", Jen is the second on board the team of Power Rangers Time Force in 3001.
The aid has been arriving this Sunday to the most punished districts of the city, after the Saturday there were several attacks against the humanitarian convoys of the United Nations and the Red Crescent, of which the Syrian regime and the opposition accused each other .	Amos has praised the "courage" and "tenacity" of the humanitarian workers of the United Nations and the Red Crescent who entered this Saturday in the Old City of Homs to deliver aid to the population.
The "USS Defiant" is a spaceship in the television series Star Trek: Deep Space 9, in the Star Trek universe.	This ship bears the same name as the USS Defiant (NCC-1764), Constitution class, of the original Star Trek series and which also appears in Star Trek: Enterprise.
"The city of New York is home to all of us who live here.	Majuro - The shipwrecked sailor José Salvador Alvarenga was ready to fly on Monday in the Marshall Islands to El Salvador after receiving medical clearance for the trip, a source close to the case said.
The pages operated on the Tor anonymous network, a software that allows anonymity on the Internet, so that they could not be accessed through traditional search engines.	Experts believe that the closure represents a milestone in the fight against cybercrime and highlight the use of new techniques by the police to track the physical location of servers.
Since the module was separated from the probe, "the mission was divided in two", although Rosetta remains "fundamental" since Philae needs it to communicate with Earth.	From Malargüe communications are received from the probe, which takes almost 25 minutes to reach Earth.
The "Gregorian calendar" is a calendar originally from Europe, currently used officially in almost the entire world.	Although in their countries the Gregorian calendar is the official one, the orthodox churches (except the one in Finland) still use the Julian calendar (or modifications of it different from the Gregorian calendar).
A large snow fall in the eastern part of Japan since Saturday has caused major problems in transport, including traffic accidents that caused four deaths.	A large snowfall that falls in the eastern part of Japan since Saturday has caused major problems in transport, including traffic accidents that caused ten deaths, and other mishaps that have resulted in a fatality and a serious injury.
The "Community of Madrid" is an autonomous community of Spain located in the center of the Iberian Peninsula and, within it, in the center of the Central Plateau.	The Community of Madrid is also the organizer of the U-17 Club World Cup at the international level.
"Pierre Chappaz", born on April 12, 1959 in Toulon, France, is a businessman and one of the founders of Kelkoo and Wikio.	In 2006 I created Wikio, a search engine for information on press sites and blogs, as well as being one of the leaders of Netvibes, a web portal service that can be customized.
The confrontation occurred after the teachers of the Mexican state of Guerrero attacked the headquarters of the Institutional Revolutionary Party in Chilpancingo, causing numerous damages and setting fire to part of the installations.	Teachers from the state of Guerrero attacked the headquarters of the Institutional Revolutionary Party in Chilpancingo, an attack that was controlled by the state police causing a confrontation between the two.
Iran agreed yesterday to cooperate with an investigation of the International Atomic Energy Agency on its activities regarding the development of nuclear weapons, which could be an important achievement in the prolonged talks between the Islamic republic and the Western powers.	Iran on Sunday agreed to cooperate with an investigation by the United Nations atomic oversight agency into its activities regarding the development of nuclear weapons, which could be an important achievement of the prolonged talks with the Islamic republic.
The niece of the old woman and also her caretaker, Bogumila Kolkiewicz, explained today to the television network TVP that fortunately her aunt has no memory of what happened.	Sources of his family explained that the lady suffers from dementia and that apparently she is not aware of how close she was to death.
The United Nations and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent have managed to remove at least 611 civilians from the Old City of Homs on the third day of the mission to evacuate and distribute humanitarian aid, in line with an agreement negotiated by the UN .	Damascus / Cairo, Feb 9 - The UN and the Red Crescent today evacuated at least 611 civilians from the Syrian city of Homs as part of the humanitarian truce between the government and opposition, one day before the second round of negotiations begins of Peace of Geneva II, in Switzerland.
He told the authorities that he had sailed on December 24, 2012 from Mexico with a partner who did not survive.	José Salvador Albarengo, 37, sailed from Mexico on December 24, 2012 and on Thursday of last week was found in the distant coral atoll of Ebon, in the Marshall Islands, wearing only a tattered briefs.
Elderly people helping each other	The man is reviewing his actions before making a comment to the other people.
In addition to Jiang Zemin and Li Pegn, the arrest warrants would be against former Chinese security chief Qiao Shi; the leader of the Chinese Communist Party in Tibet Chen Kuiyuan; and former Minister of Family Planning Peng Peiyun.	In addition to the former Chinese president, Judge Moreno ordered the search and capture through Interpol of former Prime Minister Li Peng, of former Chinese security chief Qiao Shi; of the former Communist Party of China in Tibet, Chen Kuiyuan, and of the former Minister of Family Planning Peng Peiyun.
The Luxembourg minister also noted that there are many jobs and much of the trade between the EU and Switzerland depend on the relationship between the two parties.	"This goes against the principle of free movement of people between the EU and Switzerland.
The police of South Wales, burst into a hotel room when Matthew Williams was eating the face of a woman.	The case occurred in the former Hotel Sirhowy at 01.23 GMT, from where the police were informed that a man identified as Matthew Williams was attacking a woman, according to that security force.
The accident occurred around 2:30 p.m. on a stretch of highway between the towns of Fusagasugá and Silvania, in the central department of Cundinamarca, and about 50 kilometers south of Bogotá, Captain Iván Darío Valenzuela, chief of firefighters in Cundinamarca, said in a telephone interview.	The rollover of a tourist bus, which occurred at kilometer 8 of the Bogotá-Choachí highway, left 38 people injured, of whom 30 had to be referred to hospitals.
A "Group of armies" is a military unit composed of two or more army corps that act jointly and under a single command.	A Group of armies is the largest unit that can be formed within an army, be it from land, sea or air.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez was released on Sunday, after seven days in a private clinic in Buenos Aires due to a picture of intestinal infection.	The Argentine president, Cristina Fernandez, today received the medical discharge after staying a week interned by a picture of sigmoiditis and went to the official residence, where she must rest for another ten days.
We will not let any of our residents live in the shade, "De Blasio said in Spanish when he made the announcement during his speech on the state of the city, in which he presented the main lines of his government action for 2014, said AFP.	We will not let any of our residents live in the shadows, "he said in Spanish De Blasio during his speech on the state of the city, in which he has announced his project.
The genus already existed in the Early Cretaceous in southern Gondwana, according to fossil remains found in Antarctica.	More recently, Cantrill (1998) described fossilized leaves in the early Cretaceous layer (more specifically in the Aptian), in Antarctica, which contain spores of "Cyatheacidites".
Children laugh while they slide in the snow.	The white cat is hard to see in the snow while running playfully.
A group of women in a library with children.	A group of school children are enjoying story time.
In recent years, he has supported the entry of Palestine as a non-member observer State of the UN and its membership in UNESCO.	Paris has already supported the entry of Palestine into the United Nations cultural agency, UNESCO, and its role as an observer not a member of the UN.
They were released with their first album, "Synthetic Generation", in 2001, although the fame came with the albums "Termination Bliss" (2006) and "Night Electric Night" (2009).	The label of the band was Universal, with which they recorded their first album, "Synthetic Generation", in 2001, in their own country, but then they had problems with the international distribution of Universal and therefore signed an agreement with the Nuclear label. Blast.
"The FMLN is open" to make alliances, Sanchez Cerén told reporters today, while indicating that the former president Elías Antonio Saca, candidate of the Unidad movement, congratulated him by phone and have been talking about an eventual agreement to face the second round	Both Sanchez Ceren and Quijano have recognized facing the second round the objective is to attract the voters who backed Saca.
A skater in a black hooded sweatshirt running a super grind rail on her skateboard.	A skater in a white hooded sweatshirt running a super grind rail on her skateboard.
The Peruvian president has arrived in Moscow on a historic visit, the first in 45 years of diplomatic relations.	It is the first visit of a president of Peru to Russia in the 45 years of diplomatic relations, so it has been described as "historic" by both parties.
During his stay in Washington, Hollande will also meet with the director of the International Monetary Fund, the French Christine Lagarde, and with the president of the World Bank, Jim Yong Kim.	In the economic sphere, Hollande will have dinner at the house in France on Monday with the general director of the International Monetary Fund, Christine Lagarde, and the president of the World Bank, the American Jim Yong Kim.
Bacteria are prokaryotes and, therefore, unlike eukaryotic cells (from animals, plants, fungi, etc.), they do not have a defined nucleus or present, in general, internal membranous organelles.	Since bacteria are prokaryotes, they do not have cytoplasmic organelles delimited by membranes and therefore have few intracellular structures.
We will not let any of our residents live in the shadows, "De Blasio said in Spanish during his speech on the state of the city, in which he announced his project.	We will not let any of our residents live in the shade, "De Blasio said in Spanish when he made the announcement during his speech on the state of the city, in which he presented the main lines of his government action for 2014.
New York, Feb. 7 - The New York Police Department began testing Google Glass to help agents quickly access information about suspects, thanks to facial recognition techniques, as confirmed today by the person responsible for the body.	Instant data on potential suspects, thanks to the facial recognition capabilities of the new giant search device, is what the police in New York City, United States, are after.
Urbanism uses urban geography as a fundamental tool, and tries to understand urban processes in order to plan interventions for the qualification of space.	The "urbanistic," is the set of techniques that derived from urbanism serve for urban intervention, they are systematized urban processes in order to achieve an efficiency of urban intervention.
The woman and the man are working on a farm.	A man and a woman are working in a garden.
Fernández de Kirchner held several meetings on Tuesday, including one with the economy ministers, Axel Kicillof; and Foreign Affairs, Hector Timerman, who will represent Argentina at the G20 Summit to be held tomorrow in Australia.	The three have spoken of the Argentine participation in the summit of the G-20 of Brisbane, which will attend the chancellor as head of delegation.
People are about to buy a painting at a fair.	A couple of people in a museum looking in the gift shop, will potentially buy something.
A "coprocessor" is a microprocessor of a computer used as a supplement to the functions of the main processor (the CPU).	In some architectures the coprocessor is another general-purpose processor, but it will only execute a range of functions limited by the main processor that will exercise the control.
Mental health has been defined in multiple ways by authors from different cultures.	The social acceptance of people suffering from mental health conditions has proven to be the best help and also the best prevention of mental disorders.
In automata theory and sequential logic, a "state transition table" is a table that shows what state a given finite automaton will move, based on the current state and other inputs.	When it is a non-deterministic finite automaton, then the transition table shows all the states that the automaton will move.
Dementia of Lewy bodies causes symptoms such as hallucinations, attention problems and difficulties in recognizing friends and family, the portal reported.	Dementia of Lewy bodies occurs due to the abnormal accumulation of proteins in the brain.
A small dog carries a bow on the street.	A small dog jumping on the street.
For example, 58% disagree with the concept of orthodoxy that divorcees are living in sin and therefore can not receive communion.	The document showed that 58 percent of respondents disagreed with the norm that states that the person who has divorced and remarried, outside the Church, lives in sin and therefore can not receive communion.
"Los Vieneses" is a theater company founded in the early 1940s by the Austrian Artur Kaps, and in which the Italian Gustavo Re and the Austrians Franz Johan and the puppeteer Herta Frankel were integrated.	The core to core diameter of a C 60 molecule is around 0.71 nm.
"Parents of girls and single women fear that their daughters will be forced to marry ISIS fighters and as a result child marriage is on the rise.	The report also highlights the rapes against women, and the fact that terrified families hastily marry their daughters so that they are not forced to marry the fighters of the EI group.
Bissonnette said in his book "No Easy Day," published in 2012, that it was two other Navy Seals that finished bin Laden when he was already mortally wounded on the ground.	However, in his book No Easy Day, published in 2012, Matt Bissonnette - one of the three Navy Seals - pointed out that he also fired, but that it was the first command that killed Bin Laden.
An animal plays with a hoop.	An African man is not doing a trick with a stick.
The sites considered "World Heritage Site in Mexico", have met the necessary requirements set by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and have been nominated for the international program Patrimony of Humanity by the Unesco Committee because of its exceptional cultural or natural importance,	Mexico has ten cities designated as World Heritage, making it the third country by number of World Heritage Cities, only after Italy and Spain.
A "Turing machine" is a device that manipulates symbols on a strip of tape according to a table of rules.	A Turing machine is a computational model that performs a reading / writing automatically on an input called tape, generating an output in it.
A woman about to eat fish.	A woman about to eat trout.
Williams had been released from prison two weeks earlier, after serving a five-year sentence for violently attacking his former partner.	Matthew Williams, 34, had been released just two weeks ago after serving a long sentence of five years in prison for violent crimes.
A woman in a striped shirt climbs a mountain.	A man in a red jacket climbing a mountain
Official sources confirmed to the Argentine news agency that representatives of the International Labor Organization will go to the Vatican, but that the Argentine leaders will be among the people who usually go to greet him and kiss his hand in St. Peter's Square.	However, the news agency Argentine published that from the Vatican the existence of such call was denied and that the International Labor Organization will go to the Vatican along with the Argentine leaders, in order to greet him and kiss his hand in St. Peter's Square.
"Cycling" is a sport that involves the use of a bicycle to travel outdoors, on an indoor track, or that encompasses different specialties such as those mentioned below.	"Measles" is an exanthematic infectious disease such as rubella and chicken pox, quite common, especially in children caused by a virus, specifically a paramyxovirus of the genus "Morbillivirus".
Ibores cheese is a fatty cheese, made exclusively with raw goat milk from Serrana, Verata, Retinta and its crosses.	The milk will be the natural product obtained from the milking of healthy goats, from the farms registered in the Livestock Register of the Protected Designation of Origin.
"Ribeiro" is one of the five appellations of origin of existing wines in Galicia.	The Ordinances of Ribadavia (1579), recognized by the Intellectual Property Office, are the origin of the current Spanish Denominations of Origin.
The surface of Colombia is 2,129,748 km², of which 1,141,748 km² correspond to its continental territory and the remaining 988,000 km² to its maritime extension,	The continental territory of Colombia is 1,141,748 km² and the sea waters of 658,000 km², of which 339,500 km² correspond to the Caribbean Sea and 318,500 km² to the Pacific Ocean.
The "mirror test", applied with animals, is a measure of self-awareness developed by Gordon Gallup Jr. in 1970.	The test was developed by Gordon Gallup Jr. in 1970, based in part on observations made by Charles Darwin.
In the event that the Hearing decided again that the accusation could be carried out, the Infanta would go to trial.	Even so, Roca has stressed the importance of the Audiencia has estimated that there are no crimes of money laundering, the most serious cause that faced the Infanta Cristina.
Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller, the two Americans released this Saturday by North Korea, have arrived by plane at the Lewis-McChord military base in Washington, according to the US network CNN.	US citizens Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller were freed in North Korea, the office of the United States National Director of Intelligence, James Clapper, reported today.
It was proposed by Hugo Ball, writer of the first Dadaist texts; later, the Romanian Tristan Tzara joined that would become the emblem of Dadaism.	Later it was adopted by Tristan Tzara, who would become the most representative figure of Dadaism.
It is called "veterinary" (from the Latin "veterinae", beast or animal of charge) to the medical science of preventing, diagnosing and curing the diseases of domestic animals, wild animals and production animals.	Veterinary science helps safeguard human health by monitoring the health of domestic animals and wildlife.
The "Parliament of Fiji" ("Parliament of Fiji" in English), is bicameral and is made up of the House of Representatives and the Senate of Fiji.	The Parliament of Fiji was born on October 10, 1970, when Fiji gained independence from the United Kingdom.
In this square are the Monument to the Justice of Aragon and the General Captaincy building.	The square presides over the monument in homage to Juan de Lanuza, justice of Aragon executed in 1591 by the episode known as the Alterations of Aragon.
"The Castle of San Pedro de Halicarnaso" or "Castle of Bodrum" (in Turkish: "Bodrum Kalesi"), is a castle located in the southwest of Turkey, in the city of Bodrum, the old Halicarnassus.	It is called Castillo de San Pedro and was built in 1420 by the Hospitable Knights of San Juan de Jerusalén.
The Palestinian leader accuses Israel of perpetuating 'religious war' on the anniversary of the death of Yasser Arafat.	The Hamas response was not long in coming: all this is nothing more than "lies", "insults" and "disinformation", when "the Palestinian people need a brave president", ten years after the death of their national icon.
There is a black and white dog running on a doormat with a man in a blue shirt looking on.	A dog stands next to a man in shorts and a blue and white shirt.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and US Secretary of State John Kerry today called for an urgent meeting between Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists, mediated by Russia and the OSCE, in Minsk.	Lavrov has spoken by telephone with Kerry on his initiative, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
"Liberty City" is a fictional city in the Rockstar Games videogame saga, "Grand Theft Auto."	Liberty City is the most used location in the Grand Theft Auto series: it appears in six of the ten games and GTA extensions, as well as two cameos.
Over the years and the revolutionary French history, the Moulin de la Galette became a dance hall.	After the Restoration, his son, Nicolas-Charles Debray, turns the mill into a ballroom with gardens.
"Carbonation" is a chemical reaction in which calcium hydroxide reacts with carbon dioxide and forms insoluble calcium carbonate.	Carbonation is a slow process that occurs in concrete, where the slaked lime (calcium hydroxide) in the cement reacts with the carbon dioxide in the air to form calcium carbonate.
The Café "Libertad 8", located in the Chueca neighborhood of Madrid, is the birthplace of artists and singer-songwriters of the capital, opened as a café in 1975.	The most renowned journalists and writers of the capital had gatherings in this place.
Outside a door a couple of people standing	Two people standing outside a door.
A person is without a hat and is inside.	A woman is holding a can.
Man wears a green polo shirt	The man wears a green polo shirt.
It is consistently ranked among the best universities in northern Europe, and is generally considered one of the most prestigious institutions of higher education in the old continent.	The University of Uppsala is constantly considered one of the most prestigious universities in Europe and the country.
The "Proterozoic", a division of the geological time scale, is a geological eon belonging to the Precambrian that covers from 2.500 million years ago until 542 million years ago, lasting 1958 million years, 0 ± 1.0 million years.	It is the branch of linguistics that studies the production and perception of the sounds of a language with respect to its "physical" manifestations.
According to the accusation of the Public Ministry, which hosted the court, the religious taking advantage of his condition of spiritual guidance of the educational establishment constantly removed from the classroom one of the girls to commit abuses between 2007 and 2012.	Ten years later, the priest was accused by the parents of two students of taking advantage of their status as the spiritual guide of the establishment to constantly remove them from the classroom and sexually abuse them.
A child has a smart phone and nothing else.	A man can have a smart phone.
"Gran Canaria" is an island located in the Atlantic Ocean, belonging to the Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands in Spain.	The population of the island in 2011 was 850,391 inhabitants, it is also the capital of the eastern province (Las Palmas) and the Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands, together with Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
Although the coulomb is a unit derived from the International System, in electric batteries it is very common to use the unit AH (Ampere-hour), which reflects the amount of total charge that the battery can accumulate.	The weight is equivalent to the force exerted by a body on a point of support, caused by the action of the local gravitational field on the mass of the body.
It was erected as a personal Prelature on November 28, 1982 through the Apostolic Constitution "Ut sit" granted by Pope John Paul II.	The Apostolic Constitution "Ut Sit" erected Opus Dei as "personal prelature of the Catholic Church" on November 28, 1982.
The burning of the first floor of a mosque in the Palestinian village of Al-Maghir and the damage caused by the launching of a Molotov cocktail in the former synagogue in the Israeli Arab town of Shfaram, heighten tension between Israelis and Palestinians.	"The settlers set fire to the entire first floor of the mosque" in the village of Al Mughayir, near the city of Ramallah, said a security official.
Mali registered its first case with the death of a two-year-old girl on October 24 in Kayes, who traveled with her grandmother from the south of neighboring Guinea, where the epidemic was declared in December 2013.	"In the event that the events are contrary to the Minsk agreement, the Armed Forces are trained and prepared to repel," Poroshenko said in a statement released by the Ukrainian Presidency.
Hundreds of Palestinian flags, and especially the Fatah movement that he led, as well as Sweden - which has recognized a Palestinian state - were flown by attendees.	There have also been flags of Sweden, a country that has recognized Palestine as a state.
Modern Greece has its origin in the civilization of ancient Greece, considered the cradle of Western civilization.	The first lyric poetry, representative by poets such as Sappho and Pindar, was responsible for the definition of the lyric genre as it is currently understood in Western literature.
The founder of the Mormon Church, Joseph Smith, married up to 40 women, including some married women and even a 14-year-old girl, the Mormon church admitted in a surprising essay.	The Mormon Church admitted that its founder, Joseph Smith, married about 40 women - including a 14-year-old girl and others who were already married to their followers - after maintaining for almost 200 years that she had been monogamous.
It is believed that Africa is the cradle of Humanity and from there come the successive species of hominids and anthropoids that gave rise to human beings.	In Africa, the characteristics of the population and their life expectancy vary according to the conditions.
Mali's health authorities have confirmed two new deaths from the virus on its borders.	Mali registered two new Ebola deaths unrelated to the first documented case in the country, state officials in West Africa said.
It is called "commerce" to the socioeconomic activity consisting of the exchange of some materials that are free in the market of purchase and sale of goods and services, either for its use, for sale or transformation.	The foundation of capitalism is the establishment of specialized companies in the purchase, production and sale of goods and services, in a market free from state control.
A young boy with a coat on his head is holding his goat.	A young boy playing the fool wearing his coat on his head and holding a goat.
"Perceval", also known as "Parzival" or "Parsifal" is one of the legendary Knights of the Round Table of King Arthur.	Wanting to become a knight, the boy travels to the court of King Arthur, where after proving his worth as a warrior is invested knight and invited to join the Knights of the Round Table.
The "University of Uppsala" (in Swedish: "Uppsala universitet") is a university located in the city of Uppsala, Sweden, and is the oldest study house in Scandinavia, having been founded in 1477.	The University of Uppsala is constantly considered one of the most prestigious universities in Europe and the country.
The caretakers of a zoo in Denmark have killed a baby giraffe to avoid inbreeding among the different species of the enclosure and then have served their remains to the lions for them to serve as food.	This has outraged the thousands of citizens who already signed petitions so that the end of sacrificing the animal would not be reached.
The mysterious magnate made the offer a few months ago, but Mujica said it now because the ambassador of Mexico in Uruguay, Felipe Enríquez, told the president his desire to acquire the car.	"I already have a word arrangement with an Arab," said Mujica then, with which the deal became public knowledge.
The improvement of transport and communications has allowed large-scale exploitation of natural assets, especially wood and iron ore.	The sparsely populated Norrland comprises more than half of the country's surface.
The announcement came only a day after the country's health authorities said that there had been no more cases - much less deaths - after a two-year-old girl who traveled to the country from Guinea died of the virus at the end of the year. October.	The state government of Chhattisgarh suspended the sterilization campaign, ordered an investigation into the deaths of women who underwent surgery and reported four doctors.
This difference is called Hamming distance, and is defined as the number of bits that have to be changed to transform a valid codeword into another valid codeword.	In Information Theory, "Hamming Distance" is the effectiveness of block codes and depends on the difference between a valid code word and another.
APEC accounts for 40% of the world's population, almost half of trade and more than half of the world's GDP.	Among its 21 member countries, which include the United States, Russia, China and Japan, account for more than half of global GDP, 44 percent of world trade and 40 percent of the world's population.
Little girl playing with her doll	A mother plays peekaboo with her baby
The "Easter Youth" is a movement of the Catholic Church in which young people gather at Easter time in different countries such as Spain, Mexico, Dominican Republic, Paraguay, Puerto Rico and Venezuela with the aim of meditating, praying and having activities that help the spirituality of the young people themselves.	The origin of the youth Easter dates back to the Taizé movement, which carries the connotation of: contemplation, commitment, communion, ecumenism, struggle and youth.
In the same way the students of the rural school announced their participation in the national protest caravan and to inform the population about the current situation in the state of Guerrero.	It is the main argument of the parents of students of the Rural Normal of Ayotzinapa disappeared in Iguala on September 26 - which the Attorney General of the Republic assumes dead "in all likelihood" - to start the national protest caravan that already announced in his last manifestation in the Federal District, the past 5 of November.
A young protester holds a sign against the war.	A man waving his hand while giving a speech.
Bae and Miller arrived at the local base Lewis-McChord in Washington State at 9 pm local time.	Kenneth Bae is welcomed by his family at Lewis-McChord Air Base in Fort Lewis, Washington State.
"This is an issue that we have discussed with President-elect Michelle Bachelet," he said from Cartagena de Indias, Colombia, where he is to participate in the Pacific Alliance Summit.	The president insisted that this issue is "being studied" and that it has been "discussed with the president-elect, Michelle Bachelet," who will take office on March 11.
"Mediation should contribute to negotiations between the opposition and President Yanukovych and avoid other interpretations," Klitschko told his supporters yesterday.	The European Union erupted on Monday in the confrontation between the opposition and President Yanukovych, announcing that it is preparing with the United States and the IMF a major program of financial assistance for Ukraine.
The "history of Argentina" is the chronology of events that have occurred since the beginning of the original human settlement in the current territory of the Argentine Republic to the present day.	Hahnemann proposed homeopathy as a more benign and moderate alternative to the medicine of the time, which was still based on the Hippocratic humors theory and used bleeding and purgation as main tools.
Purguín said that the ceasefire regime is not respected in 75 percent of the virtual line of separation between both sides.	Coinciding with the resumption of the fighting around Donetsk, the separatists have announced that they will propose the revision of the Minsk agreements, which include a declaration of ceasefire and a line of separation between both sides in conflict.
Three people, two adults and one child, died and another 11 remain missing after collapsing a hill in the community of Chullpa K'asa in the municipality of Morochata Cochabamba due to heavy rains that affect the region for several days.	Mourning after avalanche in Morochata Los Tiempos - 2 hours ago At least 14 people were buried after the slide of a hill on Saturday, February 8, in Chullpa K'asa Chico, municipality of Morochata, Cochabamba, as a result of the heavy rains that they have affected that region for several days.
"Trigonometry" is a branch of mathematics, whose etymological meaning is "the measurement of triangles."	Trigonometry is an important branch of mathematics dedicated to the study of the relationship between the sides and angles of a right triangle and a circumference.
Four women are in the pool.	The four women are in a pool
"In almost all the countries surveyed, at least a third of the current Protestants were raised as Catholics and half or more say they were baptized," the report says.	In Colombia, for example, no less than 74% of the declared Protestants claim to have been raised as Catholics.
On Tuesday the lava of Kilauea, volcano of the "Big Island" of Hawaii, destroyed his first house in the town of Pahoa without leaving wounded.	10 - The lava that is advancing on the Big Island of Hawaii since June 27 was taken on Monday to the first house in the city of Pahoa.
The soundtrack was by Wojciech Kilar, except for the final song "Love song for a vampire", which was composed by Annie Lennox.	The main theme of the movie "Love Song for a Vampire" ("Song of love for a vampire") was written by Annie Lennox, which together with the work of Kilar, would come to the market an album with the soundtrack and the songs played by Lennox.
Some children are reading silently.	The children are reading silently.
The most important sources of income for New Brunswick are manufacturing, tourism, forestry, mining and fishing.	After the formation of the Confederation, New Brunswick continued to grow economically, relying on fishing, mining and forestry.
The Navy detainees detained Ismael Zambada Imperial, May Gordo, one of the sons of Ismael Mayo Zambada García, who is one of the leaders of the Sinaloa Cartel in northern Mexico.	Mexican authorities have arrested Ismael Zambada Imperial in the northwest of the country, aka Mayito Gordo, one of the sons of the leader of the Sinaloa cartel, Ismael "el Mayo" Zambada, according to official sources.
A lady is singing	A lady singing.
The "President of the Republic of Chile" is the head of State and Government of Chile and its highest political authority.	Since March 11, 2010, the President of the Republic of Chile is Sebastián Piñera.
It is located in the heart of the city, on a hill between the Bernesga and Torío rivers, whose elevated position between two continuous water sources decided the creation of the camp of the Legio VI Victrix, origin of the city.	The old town of León is located in the center of the city and on a hill that dominates much of the space between the Bernesga and Torío rivers.
The animal was quartered in front of a group of children and, later, its remains were fed to the lions.	This is how after killing the giraffe, its inert body was dismembered in front of the visitors, including children, and then its flesh was thrown as food to the lions.
The Uruguayan president, José Mujica, hinted today in Brasilia that he is still analyzing the sale of his old "Fusca" from Volkswagen, after an Arab sheikh offered him a million dollars.	The Uruguayan President, José Mujica, was received today in Brasilia by the Brazilian Head of State, Dilma Rousseff, whom he wanted to congratulate personally for his re-election in the elections last October.
Three women are standing together.	Two women are standing together.
The work, led by Stefan Keller of the National University of Australia, estimates that it was formed about 13.6 billion years ago, that is, shortly after the Big Bang.	This star was discovered with the "SkyMapper" telescope of the National University of Australia, which is conducting a five-year investigation of the southern skies.
The surface of Colombia is 2,129,748 km², of which 1,141,748 km² correspond to its continental territory and the remaining 988,000 km² to its maritime extension,	Colombia is the 26th largest country in the world and the fourth in South America with 1,141,748 km² corresponding to its mainland and 988,000 km² to its maritime extension, for a total area of 2,129,748 km².
Before the meeting, the general secretary of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, Lamberto Zannier, acknowledged that the ceasefire was becoming more virtual and that the arrival of arms in the rebel zone could "lead to a confrontation More open".	On Tuesday, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe also reported seeing 43 Russian military trucks moving towards the eastern border of Ukraine.
China has sent 252 people to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries most affected by the disease.	The WHO warned however that in the three countries most affected by the disease contagion remains intense and persistent, with weekly cases in all of them, especially in the capitals.
The cost of this land was 8 and a half million pesos, according to documents of the Public Registry of Property and the purchase-sale agreement signed before Notary 89 of the Federal District.	This property had a value of 9 million 850 thousand pesos, as shown in the file of the property in the Public Registry of Property of the DF.
The "Prince Edward Island" (Official name in English: "Prince Edward Island", and in French: "Île-du-Prince-Édouard") is one of the maritime provinces of Canada.	During the winter, Prince Edward Island has an average temperature of -7 ° C. The average of the minimum is -12 ° C and the average of the maximum, of -3 ° C. The lowest temperature recorded in the province is -37 ° C, occurred in Alberton, on January 26, 1884.
The government's chief negotiator, Humberto de la Calle, did not make statements to the press upon his arrival at the Palacio de las Convenciones, the venue for the talks.	As usual, the negotiators of the Government of Colombia, led by former Vice President Humberto de la Calle, did not make statements to the media upon their arrival at the Havana Convention Center, the permanent venue for the dialogue.
Last goodbye to Mandela Africa inaugurates a nine-meter-tall Mandela statue Africa wants to eliminate the rabbit in Mandela's ear will have a plaza in Lavapiés Johannesburg.	Former South African President Nelson Mandela has left an inheritance valued at R $ 46 million, worth € 3.05 million, or $ 4.1 million, the custodians of his testament announced at a press conference in Johannesburg on Monday.
In addition, according to the BBC, the Iranian supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, could join the talks.	The appointment comes after it is known that US President Barack Obama sent a personal letter on the matter to the Iranian supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Castration or reintroduction options in nature were discarded due to their possible adverse effects, as well as the transfer of Marius to another center of the European Association of Zoos and Aquariums (EAZA) due to genetic incompatibility.	A Swedish zoo informed the newspaper Expressen on Saturday that it had unsuccessfully requested the transfer of Marius.
The president of the United States, Barack Obama, will announce next week a broad package of executive measures in immigration policy with which he intends to avoid the deportation of more than five million people, the newspaper "The New York Times" reported.	US President Barack Obama will announce next week his promised package of executive measures on immigration, which will include the suspension of millions of deportations, according to information from the FOX network that cites sources close to the White House.
"Since the beginning of the peace talks we have publicly and repeatedly stated our absolute willingness to immediately conclude and sign a War Regularization Treaty, or a bilateral cessation of hostilities between the parties," said Pablo Catatumbo, one of the guerrilla negotiators, in a letter addressed to Colombian Vice President Angelino Garzón on Monday.	"Since the beginning of the peace talks with the government of President Santos, the FARC-EP has publicly and repeatedly manifested our absolute disposition to immediately conclude and sign a treaty to regularize the war, or a bilateral cease hostilities between the parties, "the FARC assured.
The "Forest of Boulogne" (in French: "Bois de Boulogne") or of Bologna, is a park that is in the western limit of the XVI district or arrondissement of Paris, near the suburb of Boulogne-Billancourt.	The "Forest of Boulogne" was officially annexed to the city of Paris in 1929 and was incorporated into the 16th arrondissement.
The appointment is part of a road map established in November between the IAEA and Iran, which envisages six stages to be met by Tehran between now and February 11, including the visit of experts from the agency to the heavy water production plant. of Arak.	One of these stages included the visit of experts from the agency to the Arak heavy water production plant and a uranium extraction mine in Gachin.
"The United Nations and our humanitarian partners are not going to be discouraged from doing everything we can to bring assistance to those who need our help," Amos said in a statement.	"The United Nations and our humanitarian partners will not be discouraged from doing our best to deliver aid to those who need our help," he adds.
The landslide occurred last night in the municipality of Morochata and buried about 15 houses, said at a press conference the Secretary of Rights of Mother Earth of the Government of Cochabamba, Cinthia Vargas.	The landslide of a hill over several houses in the Chullpa K'asa community of the municipality of Morochata in Cochabamba, due to the rains, left the balance of four people dead and ten missing, reported the secretariat of the Rights of Mother Earth of the Governorate of Cochabamba, Cintia Vargas.
"In the case of the star that we have identified, the amount of iron present is less than a millionth of that of the sun and a factor of at least 60 times less than any other known star.	The composition of the new star shows that it was formed by a primal star that was 60 times the mass of the sun.
However, in the case of integers, it is also necessary to calculate the sign of the result.	The multiplication of whole numbers, like the sum, requires to determine separately the sign and absolute value of the result.
In December 2004, a lower court in Aruba determined that the marriage between Charlene and Esther Oduber-Lamer in the Netherlands should be recognized in Aruba.	On April 13, 2007, the Supreme Court declared that, in accordance with the Charter of the Kingdom of the Netherlands (to which all the territories of the Kingdom are subject), marriages celebrated in any territory of the Kingdom of the Netherlands they must be accepted in the remaining territories of the Kingdom as well.
"I have come at a time when, throughout the world, the United States is leading from a position of strength," Obama said victoriously in a speech delivered at a forum of business leaders in the framework of the Forum summit. Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation.	Among those challenges, he cited the fight against Ebola, climate change or nuclear proliferation, according to Obama in a speech at a forum of business leaders of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, which will be held tomorrow between now and tomorrow. the capital of the Asian power.
The Philae module has successfully placed a thermometer on the surface of the comet, while scientists have received a constant stream of data from the probe.	The descent module had a rugged arrival on the surface of Comet 67P / Churyamov-Gerasimenko, 510 million kilometers from Earth.
"Case-based reasoning" is the process of solving new problems based on the solutions of previous problems.	It has been argued that case-based reasoning is not only a powerful method for computer reasoning, but that it is used by people to solve everyday problems.
Habermas is the most eminent member of the second generation of the Frankfurt School and one of the exponents of the critical theory developed at the Social Research Institute.	It is based on the idea of a complete transformation of the critique of knowledge into a critique of society.
The president of Argentina, Cristina Fernandez, received the medical discharge after spending a week hospitalized for a picture of sigmoiditis and went to the official residence, where she must rest for another 10 days.	Argentine President Cristina Fernandez was released on Sunday, after seven days in a private clinic in Buenos Aires due to a picture of intestinal infection.
The "Infantry Academy" (ACINF) is a military training center of the Spanish Army located in the town of Toledo.	At the end of the war, the Infantry Academy was temporarily installed in Zaragoza, in the building of the General Military Academy, and in Guadalajara, at the headquarters of the San Diego de Alcalá Foundation.
A division of malacology, conchology, is responsible for the study of mollusks with shell.	Malacology contributes to the knowledge and study of biodiversity, through inventories of mollusc specimens and the study of them.
The voters of former President Elias Antonio Saca in yesterday's elections in El Salvador have become the key to defining the winner of the presidential elections, admitted today the two rival candidates who have passed to the second round.	The voters of former President Elías Antonio Saca in Sunday's elections in El Salvador will be the key to defining who will be the next president of the country, admitted today the two candidates who passed to the second round.
The current president Horacio Cartes declared war on poverty, which affects almost 60% of the population, about 6.5 million people.	The torn body of the animal will be used to feed the beasts of the park.
The relatives want to request the collaboration of the United States in the search for their missing children.	The relatives assured that, while there is no evidence, they will continue demanding the search of their living children, and that they will only trust the data provided by the Argentine experts.
Like the current contingent, the new troops will train and assist the Iraqi and Kurdish security forces in their fight against the jihadist group Islamic State, which controls parts of Iraq and Syria, the Pentagon reported.	Obama added that it is too early to say whether the United States and its allies are winning their fight against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.
The majority of the sources cites as date of foundation of the city on July 26, 1325, according to the information provided by the Mexicas and that is registered in several documents.	They used the root of coplaxócotl ("Saponaria americana") as soap, and the root of metl for washing clothes.
Pope Francis received today in a private audience the president of Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, who formally invited the Argentine pontiff to visit the country during the celebration of the Soccer World Cup, which will begin next June 12.	Pope Francis today called on representatives of the Government, business and trade unionism in Argentina to a dialogue table in the Vatican, in the face of wage negotiations and in a scenario of depreciation of the peso and inflation.
One of the pillars of this "revolution" is the openness of the Church and includes subjecting many old taboos to debate.	One issue in which most Catholics in Europe do not share the position of the Church is the delicate issue of divorced and remarried, who can not communicate.
In fact, for the West it is the birthplace of democracy, Western philosophy, the Olympic Games, Western literature and the study of history, politics and the most important principles of mathematics and science.	Both, classical Greece and Byzantine, represent for most of the Greeks the precursors of the current Hellenic Republic.
But in the face of doubt, he was contacted by the Mexican ambassador to the Philippines, Julio Camarena, who "confirmed being a Salvadoran national, from the town of Garita Palmera, Department of Ahuachapán," of El Salvador, the foreign ministry added.	Likewise, Ambassador Camarena spoke with the survivor, who confirms that he is a Salvadoran national, from the town of Garita Palmera, Department of Ahuachapán, in the Republic of El Salvador.
The equator divides the surface of the planet into two parts, the northern hemisphere and the southern hemisphere.	The other four notable "circles" are the two polar circles and the two tropical circles (Tropic of Cancer in the Northern Hemisphere and Tropic of Capricorn in the Southern Hemisphere).
A group of relatives of the 43 students of Ayotzinapa, normalistas and social organizations started a series of caravans that, in three different routes, will visit several cities of the country in search of citizen support so that the federal government clarifies the disappearance of young people and demands that justice be applied for those responsible.	The relatives of 43 Mexican students who disappeared since September began a national march on Thursday to pressure the government to pay more attention to the case.
The president advanced on Wednesday that will ask the cameras for a specific authorization for the military offensive against the IS, something that in September he did not consider necessary.	President Barack Obama asked Congress on Wednesday to work with him on a new authorization to replace that created after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and allow the use of military force against the extremist group Islamic State.
The divorce position also seemed to be more tolerant now, with 60 percent of Mexican Catholics saying they disagreed with the official position that divorced and newly married people outside the Church live in sin.	Most Catholics around the world disagree with the Catholic doctrine on divorce, abortion and contraception, the report said.
"Ana María Matute Ausejo" (Barcelona, July 26, 1925), Spanish novelist, who is a member of the Royal Spanish Academy (where she holds the K seat) and the third woman to receive the Cervantes Prize, obtained in 2010.	In 1996 she published "Olvidado Gudú King" and in 1998 she was elected academic of the Royal Spanish Academy where she occupies the K seat, becoming the third woman who is part of this institution.
The New York Police Department is testing some units of Google Glass, to see if they are useful in police work.	New York Police tests with Google Glass l New York Police Department, USA He began to test the Google Glass smart glasses in order to help agents quickly dispose of information about suspects, thanks to facial awareness techniques.
A man dressed as a student detonated the bomb when the school children were gathered in an assembly before starting classes at a school in Potiskum, capital of Yobe province, where the terrorist group Boko Haram acts.	The tragedy could have been greater, because at the time of the explosion, around 8:00 a.m. local time, about 2,000 students were gathered in an assembly before starting classes at a school in Potiskum, near Damaturu, capital of Yobe.
Another collaboration that was no less important was that of Edgar Téllez, the editor of Planeta who is an authority on the history of drug trafficking in Colombia, which allowed Juan Pablo-Sebastián to complement the family's view of the events with a macro panorama of the world of the drug.	In general terms, the book combines a well-made account of the history of drug trafficking in Colombia with the family drama that starred it.
"Kent Brockman" is a recurring character in the cartoon series "The Simpsons".	Yates and Simpson were the first to ascend and reach the summit of the Siula Grande, in the Peruvian Andes, following the almost vertical route of the west face.
The salaries of the members of the Royal Family represent 8.98 percent of the budget of 7.77 million euros that the Casa del Rey has for 2014, and that is two percent less than what it received in 2013 .	The rare times that Alvarenga has appeared in public since Friday he has done it surrounded by a group of volunteers, who remain in his room and help him fulfill his desire not to talk to the press about his odyssey at sea.
Two men, dress layers and canvas bags.	Two boys in blue jeans and tan shirts are standing next to the tents.
Faced with the risk that the raids will spread to Israeli Arab cities, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatened to "withdraw citizenship from those who ask for the destruction of the State of Israel."	Meanwhile, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he will consult with his interior minister on the possibility of revoking citizenship for all those who call for the destruction of Israel.
The colors of this image, centered on a position at 0 ° longitude and 35 ° north latitude, "have been altered to study the complex processes of saturnine meteorology".	As explained by the ESA in a statement, the colors of the image have been altered to study the complex processes of Saturnian meteorology.
This new measure allows us to know if the message we have sent has been read by the recipient, in addition to the exact time at which he has seen it.	A new element that lets you know if your contacts have read the message and at what time it did.
New York, United States The mayor of New York, Democrat Bill de Blasio, announced Monday that the city will create an identity document for its inhabitants who do not have valid state identification, in particular undocumented immigrants.	The mayor of New York, the Democrat Bill de Blasio, announced on Monday that the city will create an identity document for its inhabitants without papers, an initiative that seeks to get "out of the shadows" to half a million people while the United States continues to debate its immigration reform.
In addition, Catatumbo denied that the maximum leader of the FARC, Timoleón Jiménez "Timochenko", is or has been secretly in Cuba, as affirmed on Sunday the Colombian presidential candidate Óscar Iván Zuluaga, belonging to the party of former President Álvaro Uribe.	The insurgent group also denied that its top boss, Rodrigo Londoño Echeverri, "Timochenko", had been in Havana, in response to statements by Colombian presidential candidate Óscar Iván Zuluaga, of the Uribe Democratic Center.
The water is very hot.	The water in the pool is very cold.
The "Earth sciences" or "geosciences" are the disciplines of the natural sciences that study the structure, morphology, evolution and dynamics of planet Earth.	Earth sciences are a tool to plan a rational exploitation of natural resources, understand the causes that cause natural phenomena that affect the human being and how human beings influence nature with their actions.
Peña Nieto "has been a very brave president who has made some very difficult decisions to make necessary reforms, but very complicated to assimilate and I think he has done it very clearly and forcefully," Santos told Notimex.	The president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, acknowledged today the structural reforms that his colleague Enrique Peña Nieto has made in Mexico and highlighted the bonds of friendship that unite both nations.
This license was originally created by Richard Stallman, founder of the Free Software Foundation (FSF) for the GNU project (GNU project).	The GPL license was created by Richard Stallman in 1989 to protect programs released as part of the GNU project.
"Duplex printing" or "duplex printing" is a feature of printers that allows you to automatically print a sheet of paper on both sides.	Most printers can print automatically on a single side of the paper (simple printing).
Police beat down a cannibal as he devoured a woman Matthew Williams, 34, was caught in the early morning biting the face of a young woman he had invited to his hotel.	South Wales police killed a cannibal when he was eating the face of a 22-year-old woman in a hotel room.
The "mass", in physics, is a measure of the amount of matter a body possesses.	In relativistic physics, the mass is a function of the speed that the body possesses with respect to the observer.
The "Hanaiakamalama", or "Summer Palace of Queen Emma", served as a recreation place for Queen Emma of Hawaii from 1857 to 1885, in addition to her husband, King Kamehameha IV and his son, Prince Albert Edward .	The Summer Palace of the Queen Emma, is today on a land of 2.16 acres (8,740 m²) owned by the "Queen Emma Estate", maintained by the Daughters of Hawaii.
Those military personnel will not have a combat role, but their mission will be to train, advise and help the Iraqi Security Forces, including the Kurdish troops, adds Efe.	These troops will not fight on the ground and will serve "to train, advise and assist the Iraqi security forces, including the Kurdish forces," he added.
Russian President Vladimir Putin had a gentlemanly gesture with China's first lady, Peng Liyuan, during the XXII Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum Summit, which has been interpreted in international media as "flirting".	The incident that took place during the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum was initially broadcast by the state television CCTV and was extended on the internet.
Starting from the base that the parties are a necessary evil, the citizens are moving away from them and looking for other channels to intervene, which leads to the creation of the so-called "pressure groups".	In the Partidocracia they are left in the hands of the citizen electoral body, the election, discussion, participation and consensus around issues and options determined by the elites or leadership of the political parties.
A woman feeling scared on a horse in a snow covered mountain	A girl sitting in the snow
"His eyes were wide open, but they were not sensitive to light," added the doctor, who confessed to being ashamed for having issued the death certificate of a patient who was still alive.	"There was no pulse, there were no signs of breathing or heart rate," he told the local newspaper "Dziennik Wschodni," according to EFE news agency.
The Swiss approved in a referendum, for 50.3% of the votes, to limit again the entry of citizens of European Union countries to their labor market by establishing annual quotas within three years.	By a very narrow margin, of just 0.3%, the Swiss voters approved yesterday in referendum to return to the old system to limit the entry of EU workers, as it does in the case of all the rest of the countries.
Switzerland will once again limit the entry of European workers into its labor market 303 2.	For this reason, the European Commission "regrets" the initiative to introduce quotas for the restriction of European immigration to its labor market.
The theater of the absurd is antipsychologist, so the complexity and psychological wealth of the previous theater is not maintained.	Portugal has become a diversified economy and increasingly based on the service sector since joining the European Union in 1986.
Its beginning is conventionally located in the year 476 with the fall of the Western Roman Empire and its end in 1492 with the discovery of America, or in 1453 with the fall of the Byzantine Empire, date that has the advantage of coinciding with the invention of the printing "(Gutenberg Bible)" and with the end of the Hundred Years' War.	Parliamentarism appeared, a form of political representation that eventually became the precedent of the division of powers consubstantial with the democracy of the Contemporary Age.
"Natalia Oreiro" is the debut album by Uruguayan actress and singer Natalia Oreiro, released by BMG.	The debut album of "Nati" is framed in the midst of intense works by the actress becoming a singer.
He is one of the founders of the NetBSD project, although he does not currently participate actively in the project.	Chris worked actively in maintaining the core of the system until 1995.
A painter is painting a mural next to a house.	A painter is painting a vivid image of a park on the side of a street
"Mutationism" embraces all those theories of evolution in which mutation is the main force of change.	Mutationism, however, postulated that evolution proceeded in two steps: first, the chance occurrence of a mutation; second, its preservation or elimination by natural selection.
According to the official Syrian agency Sana, the UN and Red Crescent delegation has removed more than 600 women, children and men over 55 years of age from the outset of the extraction operations last Friday.	According to the official Syrian agency Sana, the UN and Red Crescent delegation removed from these fenced neighborhoods a new group of 112 people, all of them children, women and the elderly.
"Risas y Salsa" was a humorous program of Peruvian television, remembered for its first stage between 1980 and 1999.	On May 29, 1999, with 19 years in the air, "Laughter and Salsa" abruptly leaves the air being replaced that Saturday by a match of the "opening tournament" of that year and later by "La ambulantes de la risa" in 1999 and the 2000.
The incandescent river front stopped on October 30 and remained about 150 meters from the main road of Pahoa Village.	The tip of the main lava flow remains stopped about 150 meters from Pahoa Village Street, which leads to the area where the largest number of people in the town, about 1,000 people.
A compiler is a program that allows you to translate the source code of a program in high-level language, to another language of lower level (typically machine language).	It is the process by which the written instructions in a specific programming language are translated into machine language.
"Tu Veneno" is the second album by Uruguayan actress and singer Natalia Oreiro.	Natalia Oreiro continued her musical career with her second album, "Tu Veneno", the most successful to date, taking her back to Europe and Latin America.
According to the DRAE, prostitution is the "activity that engages in sexual relations with other people, in exchange for money", although any other type of compensation is usually considered in the same way.	Gibraltar is an associate member of UEFA but is not a member of FIFA.
More than 20,000 homes were left without electricity and there were more than five thousand accidents due to snow.	The Japanese capital was covered with 27 centimeters of snow.
This operation has been possible thanks to the three-day humanitarian truce agreed between the regime and the Syrian rebels.	The corridor for the entry of humanitarian aid and the three-day ceasefire is the first tangible result of the talks held in Geneva between representatives of the regime and the opposition.
On February 11, 2013, Benedict announced his decision to resign, the first Pope to do so in 600 years.	The judgment of history "I am sure, in fact convinced, that history will offer you a judgment that will be different from what was often read in the last years of your pontificate," Ganswein said in a telephone interview.
"Andalucía" is an autonomous community of Spain, with historical nationality status, in accordance with the Statute of Autonomy that governs it.	Andalusia reached the ownership of health competences with the enactment of its Statute of Autonomy, which was developed through a process of transfers of health competencies from the State to the Autonomous Community.
Iran resumed talks on its nuclear program with the International Atomic Energy Organization on Saturday, the official IRNA news agency said, in discussions that will address sensitive military issues.	After a day and a half of negotiations, the IAEA and the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran today issued a joint press release stating that Tehran has complied with the six commitments made in November and agreed to cooperate on seven other aspects, the Iranian state news agency IRNA, which does not detail the content of the agreement.
Mali registered its first case with the death of a two-year-old girl on October 24 in Kayes, who traveled with her grandmother from the south of neighboring Guinea, where the epidemic was declared in December 2013.	In the case of the 14-year-old Helen Mar Kimball, daughter of a close friend of Joseph Smith, the marriage was only for eternity with what, according to the essay, which points out that at that time it was legal to marry girls of that age, would not have involved sexual relations.
In this regard, he stressed that the president elected by the Costa Ricans in the second round on April 6 will maintain the course outlined by the president of his country, Laura Chinchilla, who today signed the declaration of adhesion to the Pacific Alliance, formed by Chile, Colombia, Mexico and Peru.	The minister said that the president chosen by the Costa Ricans on April 6 will maintain the course outlined by Chinchilla in commercial matters and the commitments assumed with the Pacific Alliance.
These military personnel will not have a combat role, but their mission will be to train, advise and assist the Iraqi Security Forces, including the Kurdish troops.	These troops will not fight on the ground and will serve "to train, advise and assist the Iraqi security forces, including the Kurdish forces," he added.
The King is received near the door of the Royal Palace that opens to the Plaza de la Armería by the President of the Government, Mariano Rajoy, upon his arrival at the solemn celebration of the Military Easter that he presided today, accompanied by the Queen and the Princes of Asturias.	Sanchez Cerén won the votes on Sunday, but without achieving half plus one of the votes and will have to face in the second round on March 9 the rightist Norman Quijano.
Under normal conditions of pressure and temperature, two atoms of the element bond to form the dioxygen, a colorless, odorless and tasteless diatomic gas with formula O 2.	Under normal conditions of pressure and temperature, oxygen is a colorless and odorless gas with molecular formula O 2, in which two oxygen atoms are linked with an electronic configuration in a triplet state.
The tradition began in the fourth century, but most date back to the Viking era, and continued until the 12th century.	The tradition of erecting stones with runic inscriptions appears for the first time between the fourth and fifth centuries in Norway and Sweden, these first runic stones are usually located next to tombs.
Faced with the risk of a military escalation, the UN Security Council called an emergency meeting today in New York.	After the EU and several European countries denounced the entry into Ukraine of heavy-weapons military convoys from Russia, the UN Security Council warned on Wednesday of the risk that the current hostilities will result in "large-scale fighting."
General "Juan Barragán Rodríguez" was a Mexican soldier who participated in the Mexican Revolution.	His grandfather Juan Bautista Barragán was an illustrious educator, promoter of rural schools and constituent deputy in 1857.
According to a statement from the Colombian Prosecutor's Office, against Orellana, "weighed arrest warrant in red circular for charges of illicit association and money laundering."	On Thursday, Colombian authorities captured Peruvian businessman Rodolfo Orellana, a fugitive in his country, against whom there was a red circular for illicit association and money laundering, the Prosecutor's Office said Thursday.
The fugitive lawyer Rodolfo Orellana was captured Thursday in the city of Cali, Colombia, more than 130 days after the Judicial Power ordered his preventive detention.	His sister Ludith was also arrested on Thursday, but in the city of Huaral, north of Lima.
Night game in the little league	Soccer players on the day of the game.
Called this way by the god of the war of the Roman mythology Mars, sometimes receives the nickname of "Red planet" due to the reddish appearance that confers to him the oxide of iron that dominates its surface.	On November 10, 2084, the next transit of the Earth through the solar disk seen from Mars will occur.
A hockey fight erupts.	A fight in a hockey game bursts
Generally karma is interpreted as a cosmic "law" of retribution, or of cause and effect.	According to the Hindus, karma is a "law" of action and reaction: each action committed corresponds to an equal and opposite reaction.
The newspaper argues that a "key piece" of Obama's plan is to allow many parents of children who are US citizens or legal residents to obtain work permits and thus avoid the threat of deportation.	The newspaper reports that the plan would protect five million undocumented immigrants from deportation and give work permits.
"Jiang Zemin exercised supervisory authority over the persons who directly committed the abuses themselves, which makes him responsible for acts of torture and other important human rights abuses perpetrated by his subordinates against the Tibetan population," the complaint states. now the judge reproduces in the order to decree the imprisonment of the former president.	The complaint of the Committee of Support to Tibet by which the investigation was initiated and that is now reproduced by the judge in the order to decree the prisoner of the former president, ensures that "Jiang Zemin exercised supervisory authority over people who committed directly the abuses themselves, which makes him responsible for acts of torture and other important human rights abuses perpetrated by his subordinates against the Tibetan population. "
At 55, and currently a federal prosecutor in the New York borough of Brooklyn, Lynch will become the first African-American woman to hold that position to be confirmed by the Senate.	Loretta Lynch, a veteran federal prosecutor of discrete profile, awaits the approval of the Senate to assume after the nomination that the president gave him.
Psychology explores concepts such as perception, attention, motivation, emotion, brain functioning, intelligence, personality, personal relationships, consciousness and unconsciousness.	The "basic psychology" is the part of psychology whose fundamental function is the collection and structured organization of new knowledge about the fundamentals of action of basic psychological processes, such as perception, attention, memory, language, Learning, reasoning and problem solving.
"Gama" is a Spanish town in the municipality of Aguilar de Campoo in the province of Palencia, in the Autonomous Community of Castilla y León.	On the local road PP-6201a a distance of 8 km from Aguilar de Campoo, the municipal capital, in the Campoo region.
The dogs ran in the opposite direction.	The man and the horse are fleeing from the police.
The "astronomical unit" (abbreviated "ua", "au", "UA" or "AU") is a unit of equal length by definition at 149,597,870,700 meters,	At the general assembly of the International Astronomical Union of August 2012 in Beijing, it was resolved to abandon the Gaussian definition and give the astronomical unit the current value of 149,597,870,700 meters.
Loretta Lynch became yesterday the first African-American postulated for the Ministry of Justice.	US President Barack Obama today made the nomination of the New York federal prosecutor, Loretta Lynch, to be Attorney General of the United States, replacing Eric Holder.
It is estimated that it will arrive in the Caribbean city at around 2 in the afternoon.	To that end, it was established that the Vice President of the Republic, Marisol Espinoza, will be in charge of the presidential office between 9 and 12 February, according to Supreme Resolution 030-2014-PCM.
a young boy sings a baseball ball off the golf course	A man and a boy are playing in the water.
Humala, the first Peruvian president to visit Russia in 45 years of diplomatic relations, will be received by Putin in the country residence of the head of the Kremlin in Novo-Ogariovo, on the outskirts of Moscow.	At the beginning of the meeting and in the presence of the cameras, Putin welcomed Humala, the first president of our country to visit Russia in 45 years of diplomatic relations.
"The Lord of the Rings" (original title in English: "The Lord of the Rings") is an epic fantasy novel written by the British philologist and writer J. R. R. Tolkien.	"The Lord of the Rings" was started as a sequel to "The Hobbit," a fantasy story published in 1937 and originally written by Tolkien for his children.
Bergoglio pointed out to him, then, that for that day he has two scheduled meetings: one with the head of the Smata union, Ricardo Pignanelli, and another with the director of the San Martín de Tours school, José María del Corral, to talk about the Red project of Schools.	Vatican Radio recalled that today, February 21, marks 13 years since the Blessed John Paul II created Jorge Mario Bergoglio cardinal, among 43 new cardinals.
According to RIA Novosti, the aggressor is a 25-year-old man who worked in a security agency and is already in custody.	The man, 24, worked for a private security firm in the city and was armed with a rifle.
"Sí" is the third studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas on the 2003 BMG record label, which was released on November 4, 2003.	"Sí" marks an update in the sound of Julieta Venegas' compositions, with respect to the previous titles.
The magistrate orders the arrests through Interpol for the crimes of genocide, torture and lese humanity in the so-called Tibet case.	In a ruling issued on Monday, Judge Ismael Moreno issued the orders to Interpol for the commission of crimes of torture, genocide and crimes against humanity reported since 2006 by the Tibet Support Committee, made up of several human rights organizations.
The World Health Organization on Wednesday updated its balance of victims of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa and has reduced to 4,818 the number of deaths, after discounting 440 deaths as victims of the virus in Sierra Leone.	The World Health Organization reported on Thursday that 4,818 people have died from Ebola in West Africa and that the number of cases continues to rise in Sierra Leone, although it is stabilizing in Guinea and decreasing in Liberia.
In an interview published Monday in the Wall Street Journal, Ashton confirmed the preparation of a package of financial assistance to Ukraine, after contacts between the Western leaders and the Ukrainian opposition this weekend at the Munich security meeting.	In an interview published Monday in the Wall Street Journal, the EU's High Diplomatic Representative, Catherine Ashton, confirmed the preparation of a package of financial assistance to Ukraine, after contacts between Western leaders and the Ukrainian opposition this weekend in the security meeting in Munich According to her, the EU and the United States "develop a plan that analyzes what we must do from now on in different sectors of the economy to improve things".
Russian President Vladimir Putin had a gentlemanly gesture with China's first lady, Peng Liyuan, during the XXII Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum Summit, which has been interpreted in international media as "flirting".	The incident that took place during the summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum was initially broadcast by the state television CCTV and was extended on the internet.
The Philae robot of the European space probe Rosetta landed today on a comet more than 510 million kilometers from Earth, an unprecedented milestone in the history of space conquest.	Comet Chury is currently traveling between the orbits of Jupiter and Mars, more than 450 million kilometers from Earth.
Meanwhile, the Ukrainian opposition has declared that "there is nothing to talk about" with Yanukovych, while demanding an international investigation "the crimes committed by the authorities."	There is nothing to talk about with him '"The dictator will not negotiate with anyone.
Reports from the local press and witnesses in northeastern Nigeria suggest that militants of the Islamist group Boko Haram have taken the city of Chibok.	A group of local hunters and vigilantes have liberated the important city of Mubi, in northeastern Nigeria, which was taken by the terrorist group Boko Haram two weeks ago, local media reported today.
"Berenguer de Palou" (? - 1241) was bishop of the diocese of Barcelona from 1212 to 1241.	Berenguer de Palou died in 1241 and is buried in the chapel of San Miguel in the cathedral of Barcelona.
"Ralph Bakshi" (Haifa, British Mandate of Palestine, October 29, 1938) is an American filmmaker and animator.	Ralph Bakshi was born on October 29, 1938 in Haifa, then part of the British Mandate of Palestine.
On the other hand, Yanukovych received 15,000 million dollars in credits from Moscow, as well as a considerable reduction in the price of Russian gas.	Yanukovych, a leader close to Russian President Vladimir Putin, decided to move closer to the Kremlin and received about 15 billion dollars in credits from Moscow, as well as a reduction in the price of Russian gas.
Usually, recognition by the international community adheres to the definition of the State.	Today the accepted doctrine for the recognition of States is the Estrada doctrine, pragmatic insofar as a subject is not annoying to the international society it will not have difficulty to be recognized.
The "Labor Socialist Party of America" ("Socialist Labor Party of America", SLP) is a Marxist party of the United States.	It was founded in 1876 with the name of "Workers' Party of America" (Workingmen's Party of America), constituting the second oldest socialist party in the world.
A woman with gray hair and a white dress standing in front of a wall.	A man standing in front of a blue wall with a brown shirt and white pants.
Majuro - Salvadoran shipwrecked José Salvador Alvarenga was still waiting this Sunday, imprisoned in a hotel in the Marshall Islands and protected by bodyguards, to be able to return home.	Alvarenga appeared on the shores of the Marshall Islands late last month and told of his amazing survival story.
A boy who finishes his ice cream cone grimaces for the camera.	A woman with glasses is reading a side of a metal bowl
Equally smiling, Amr walked with pride over the Mukata, at the foot of the mausoleum, a Swedish flag, which stood out among the hundreds of blazon of Fatah, shields of the Organization for the Liberation of Palestine and Palestinian national flags.	"They have deprived us of this anniversary, but history will not forgive those who hold back Abu Amar's plan for the liberation of Palestine."
Purguín said that the ceasefire regime is not respected in 75 percent of the virtual line of separation between both sides.	Coinciding with the resumption of the fighting around Donetsk, the separatists announced today that they will propose the revision of the Minsk agreements, which include a declaration of ceasefire and a line of separation between both sides in conflict.
The "conditional freedom" is an alternative measure to a prison sentence, such as imprisonment or house arrest, which contemplate the legal systems of some countries, and that it is possible to impose in the sentence when certain requirements established in the law are met , that allows the convicted person for a crime to fulfill his criminal sanction in freedom, although subject to certain obligations or under certain conditions, for example, not to commit new crimes or faults.	In the same way, this figure is contemplated in certain legal systems as a measure of rehabilitation, which allows the condemned, after fulfilling a certain proportion of the sentence imposed and other requirements, to end his sentence in freedom, although subject to certain conditions.
Barazi and Red Crescent volunteers are working to extend the operation beyond this Sunday, the last day of the agreed ceasefire for the city between the military forces and the combatants.	In recent days, Alvarenga was held in a hotel in Majuro, surrounded by security measures and with little contact with the outside world.
Specialized in leather and leather products, since its acquisition in February 2001 by the Gucci Group, it has diversified its production into women's fashion (since 2005) and men's fashion (since 2006), jewelry, cosmetics and perfumery and accessories of decoration.	Since then, its product offering has diversified enormously, and now includes jewelry, glasses, cosmetics and fragrances, decoration products and furniture.
Speaking to Sana, the governor of Homs, Talal al Barazi, said the government is willing to provide all kinds of support and assistance to get civilians out of the neighborhoods of the old town of Homs, and to bring humanitarian aid to those who want stay in their houses.	The governor of Homs, Talal al Barazi, said the authorities are ready to offer "all kinds of support and help" to evacuate these people from the old town and bring humanitarian assistance to civilians who wish to remain inside.
Witnesses also reported several air strikes by the international coalition led by the United States against EI.	The bombings against their positions by the US-led coalition do not seem to have made a dent in it.
